Full job description
Who we are

We're a leading, global security authority that's disrupting our own category. Our encryption is trusted by the major ecommerce brands, the world's largest companies, the major cloud providers, entire country financial systems, entire internets of things and even down to the little things like surgically embedded pacemakers. We help companies put trust - an abstract idea - to work. That's digital trust for the real world.


Job summary

As a member of the Sales Engineering team at DigiCert, you will play a crucial role in ensuring technical presales success. This role involves developing and maintaining a technical understanding of DigiCert solutions, supporting demonstrations and evaluations for prospective customers, and assisting with responses to RFPs/RFIs. You will analyze customer needs to determine the fit for DigiCert solutions, capture feature requests, and provide feedback to Product Management. Collaboration with the sales team and cross-functional teams is essential, as is the ability to travel to customer sites and industry events as needed.


What you will do

Partner with other members of the SE team to help ensure technical presales success
Develop and maintain a technical understanding of DigiCert solutions
Develop ability to provide or support demonstrations of DigiCert solutions and services to prospects/customers
Facilitate or support technical evaluations by prospective customers in a Proof of Concept (POC) environment
Assist other team members with responses to functional and technical elements of RFPs/RFIs
Develop ability to analyze customer needs to determine potential fit for DigiCert solutions and services to meet customer objectives
Capture feature request/enhancement input from prospects/customers to provide feedback to Product Management
Work in conjunction with other members of the sales team and cross-functional teams
Travel as necessary to customer sites and industry forums/conferences as needed to support the objectives of the department

What you will have

1+ years' work experience in a cybersecurity or technical role
Bachelor's degree or higher (preferably in systems management, computer science or cybersecurity)
Working knowledge of basic IT environments (Windows, Linux, Mac, web servers, etc.)
Experience working with Cloud technologies and providers a plus (Azure, AWS, GCP, etc.)
Familiarity with Microsoft Office Suite
Basic communication (written & verbal) and interpersonal skills
Basic diagnostic and problem-solving skills
Fluent in writing and speaking English
Must be detailed oriented, understand and process data accurately
Willingness to accept responsibility and accountability with a customer-first mindset

Benefits

Generous time off policies
Top shelf benefits
Education, wellness and lifestyle support
DigiCert offers a competitive benefits package for all of our full-time employees.

DigiCert is an Equal Opportunity employer and is committed to diversity in its workforce. In compliance with applicable federal and state laws, DigiCert prohibits discrimination on the basis of race or ethnicity, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, veteran's status, status as a qualified person with a disability, or genetic information. Individuals from historically underrepresented groups, such as minorities, women, qualified person with disabilities, and protected veterans are strongly encouraged to apply.


#LI-IW1